Update flattenConnection to accept both edges and nodes (#1494)
Shopify/hydrogen: docs/utilities/flattenconnection.md

| Argument                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Required |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |

> | A connection object with the field `nodes` whose value is an array of objects corresponding to `Value`, or `edges` whose value is an array of objects corresponding to `{node: Value}`. For example, any of the [Product connections](/api/storefront/reference/products/product). | Yes      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| A connection object with the field `nodes`. The value of `nodes` is an array of objects that corresponds to `Value`, or `edges`. For example, any of the [Product connections](/api/storefront/reference/products/product). | Yes      |
```

Reviewer: @frehner Not quite sure if I captured this right. Feel free to tweak as needed!

Author: I think I'll simplify to: "A connection object with the field `nodes` or `edges`."

Reviewer: Much better. Thanks, @jplhomer!

## Return type

> A flat array whose elements correspond to the `node` value in each element of the original `edges` array, or the `node` itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A flat array that contains elements that correspond to the `node` value in each element of the original `edges` array, or the `node` itself.
```
